Document new rekey/generate-root/generate-operation-token authed behaviour. (#2190)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/vault/v2.x (rc)/content/docs/configuration/index.mdx

- `allow_audit_log_prefixing` `(bool: false)` - Enable to allow prefixes on audit log entries for
  [file sinks](/vault/docs/audit/file).

- `enable_unauthenticated_access` `(string array: [])` - The list of endpoint family names that are normally authenticated
  which should be made unauthenticated.  These were originally unauthenticated in older Vault versions, and this configuration
  allows for maintaining the old behavior when necessary. This can be updated on a running Vault process with a SIGHUP signal.

>   Valid values that can be in the list: "rekey", "generate-root", and "generate-operation-token".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `enable_unauthenticated_access` `(string array: [])` - A list of authenticated
  endpoint family names that you want Vault to treat as unauthenticated. The
  `enable_unauthenticated_access` parameter provides backward compatability for
  endpoints that were unauthenticated in older versions of Vault. You can use
  a SIGHUP signal to update `enable_unauthenticated_access` on a running Vault
  process. Supported endpoint families: "rekey", "generate-root",
  "generate-operation-token".
```
Style correction: use declarative statements, avoid "this" as a pronoun
